it's an evening out where you open up
your creativity and it's a simple recipe
a little pay a little wine and a whole
lot of fun good timely it's just a good
way for a girlfriend so just get
together have fun chit chat eat good
foods or someone that's what it's all
about it painting with a twist
art has entertained
at the heart of the whole idea is the
notion that everyone is an artist
no really everyone you know we always
say the first priority in our businesses
we wanted it to be a fun night out first
down here I looked around and I thought
I can't paint any of that but as our
instructors can tell you almost
everybody is in for a pleasant surprise
people that come in I've never painted I
can't even make a straight line and them
okay here's how it works
you booked a private party he has had
group book clubs baby showers baby it's
hard to paint any one of our hundreds of
original pieces or check out our
calendar online then pick a night and
just show up to paint what's offered
that night I'm a virgin pale and that's
okay in fact it's kind of encouraged we
like to say we'll beginner-friendly
I'm so most of the people who actually
come in here are not artifact the
important thing is this it's the
opposite of serious painting
some people come in the next morning art
lesson and we let them know right away
that this is a party you do have
something at the end that it looks like
serious art the night you join us to
embrace your inner artist come a little
early bring some food bring some drink
hang out with your friends and that
really is all you need we provide the
rest the easels the canvases the aprons
so get comfortable in front of your
canvas and let the instructor show you
how it is done
this is going to be a little sky that's
going to end up peeking through the
branches once we take the Oaks in fact
we make it so easy it's completely over
anybody can do it
the trick is taken it nice and slow
but if you have somebody who telling you
step-by-step what to do you can actually
even if you have no artistic skill leave
with a completed painting that's really
nice
depending on the painting at the end of
two or three hours you got wrong
great art I like that so let's recap one
night great art your great art and
something different to try now all you
have to do is check it out at painting
with a twist calm why would you hope
right if it's fun it's just fun where
you go to have fun what do you do to
have fun this is a new venue for that
[Music]
you